Add workaround for Sonar not working on M1 (#1228)
jhipster/jhipster.github.io: pages/security.md

If you want to use Keycloak with Docker Compose, be sure to read our [Docker Compose documentation](/docker-compose/), and configure correctly your `/etc/hosts` for Keycloak.

> <i class="fa fa-info-circle"></i> **Note for JHipster 7.8.1 and Keycloak 16.1.0 on Apple Silicon (M1)**
> 

> > Keycloak may misbehave on Apple Silicon in compatability mode and the solution is not obvious. You can build the Keycloak image locally to solve the problem:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Keycloak prior to v18 may misbehave on Apple Silicon in compatibility mode and the solution is not obvious. You can build the Keycloak image locally to solve the problem:
```

> <i class="fa fa-info-circle"></i> **Note for JHipster 7.8.1 and Keycloak 16.1.0 on Apple Silicon (M1)**
> 
> Keycloak may misbehave on Apple Silicon in compatability mode and the solution is not obvious. You can build the Keycloak image locally to solve the problem:
> 
> ```
> git clone git@github.com:keycloak/keycloak-containers.git
> cd keycloak-containers/server

> > git checkout 16.1.0

Reviewer 2: Maybe use v19, to align with the version from generator-jhipster : https://github.com/jhipster/generator-jhipster/blob/main/generators/generator-constants.js#L78-L79

Author: This only applies to JHipster 7.8.1 and the version of Keycloak that shipped with it. It hasn't been necessary since JHipster 7.9.0.

I'm fine with removing it too. 🙂
